
Such bugs and goblins in my life!

– William Shakespeare

such  	bugs  	and  	goblins  	in  	my  	life  	  	
sʌtʃ  	bgz  	ən  	gɒblɪnz  	ɪn  	maɪ̯  	laɪ̯f  	  


cancer  	of  	my  	soul  	you  	weary  	me  	disdain  	reject  	scorn  	
kænsə  	əv  	maɪ̯  	səʊl  	ju:  	wəɹɪ  	mi:  	dɪzdeɪn  	ɹɪd͡ʒekt  	skɔ:n  
disgust  	anger  	condescension  	turn  	down  	dislike  	contempt  	resentment  	despise  	refuse  	
dɪsgʌst  	eɪnd͡ʒə  	kəndɪsenʃn  	tɜ:n  	daʊ̯n  	dɪslaɪ̯k  	kəntəmpt  	ɹezentmənt  	dɪspaɪ̯z  	ɹefju:s  
contemn  	spurn  	distaste  	antipathy  	derision  	  	
kəntəm  	spjɜ:n  	dɪsteɪst  	æntɪpɑ:θɪ  	dəɹaɪ̯sʒn  	  


Let the doors be shut upon him, that he may play the fool nowhere but in’s own house.
Canker of our nature.

– William Shakespeare

Cancer of my soul. You weary me.
disdain reject scorn disgust anger condescension turn down dislike contempt resentment despise refuse contemn spurn distaste antipathy derision    

SAMPA(script designed for program learning)
disdain  	d I z d eI n
reject  	r I dZ e k t
scorn  	s k O: n
disgust  	d I s g V s t
anger  	eI n dZ @
condescension  	k @ n d I s e n S n
turn  	t 3: n
down  	d aU n
dislike  	d I s l aI k
contempt  	k @ n t @ m p t
resentment  	r e z e n t m @ n t
despise  	d I s p aI z
refuse  	r e f j u: s
contemn  	k @ n t @ m
spurn  	s p j 3: n
distaste  	d I s t eI s t
antipathy  	{ n t I p A: T I
derision  	d @ r aI s Z n









IPA

let  	let
the  	ðə
doors  	dɔ:z
be  	bi:
shut  	ʃʌt
upon  	əpɒn
him  	hɪm
that  	ðæt
he  	hi:
may  	meɪ
play  	pleɪ
the  	ðə
fool  	fu:l
nowhere  	nəʊweə
but  	bʌ
in  	ɪn
s  	es
own  	əʊn
house  	haʊ̯s


I embrace the infinite impossibilities; you wither me. 


gnarlsome
graysexual
gorilla in the room
Halloweekend
drinking hatorade
imposex  |  (biology) The development in certain marine gastropod mollusks of sex organs in contrast to their actual gender, the result of toxic pollutants.
infobesity
infoglut
infostress
insultant | The insult is one of the highest art forms. It is a form of minimalism, like the minimalism of an abstract artist. The one who insults is an insultant who, rather than use a canvas, uses another person. The insultant draws lines on a person to reduce them to the person they see and want others to see; and lines which they want the insulted one to feel.
aphorisiac | THE TWENTY-EIGHTH AMENDMENT Government of the people, by the people and for the people has been amended to Government of the bureaucrats, by the bureaucrats and for the bureaucrats. The amendment was proposed by a bureaucrat, ratified by a bureaucrat and witnessed by a bureaucrat. DEMOCRACY All humans must be on a leash. Its called democracy. THE CONTROL FREAK You cannot, but I can. You will not, but I will. You are, but I am not. I, and I alone, am. THE FRIENDSHIP MARKET Friendship is like a market. Friends buy attributes from each other and sell attributes to each other. The equilibrium price is the one that stabilizes the feelings of both. As in any market, a friendship needs transactions. Without transactions, the friendship is illiquid and the friends become former acquaintances. Just like a delisting. CONDESCENSION When the partial information you know becomes the full information you don¿t know. THE CRIMINAL MIND The criminal always returns to the crime scene and the crime unseen. One is seen, the other not. But the criminal does not separate the two. THE SCREEN Today you can order anything and anyone on a screen; except those who do the screening.

The magic of fiction lies in deluding reason that it is fiction.
In order to succeed in the world people do their utmost to appear successful.
You can kill a man but you can't kill an idea.
You can take the boy out of the country, but you can't take the country out of the boy.
You made your bed, now lie in it.
You need to take a bull by the horns, and a man by his word.
The flame that burns Twice as bright burns half as long.
All for one and one for all.
Don't fire until you see the whites of their eyes.
Early to bed, early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day; teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
The business of wretches is wretched even in guarantee giving.”
― Homer, The OdysseyThe business of wretches is wretched even in guarantee giving.”
― Homer, The Odyssey
Early morning to bed and hell sunrise. Seen me before noon you're telling lies.

I would disapprove of another hospitable man who was excessive in friendship, as of one excessive in hate. In all things balance is better.


A friend to all is a friend to none.- Aristotle
"The early bird catches the worm." - A Collection of English Proverbs, John Ray
"The second mouse gets the cheese." -- Steven Wright










